feat: Send missing analytics data from Flank to Mixpanel (#2042)
Flank/flank: docs/flank_mixpanel_metrics.md

# Mixpanel events in Flank

> Flank currently tracking the following events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flank is currently tracking the following events:
```

> Flank currently tracking the following events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flank is currently tracking the following events:
```

- configuration
- bundle id and package name with information about the device type
- total cost
- cost per device type
- test duration
- flank version

> Every event contains a session id and project id. By ```project id``` you can find all events from every execution with specific ```project id```. By ```session id``` you can find events from specific

Reviewer: The end of the sentence appears to be not finished.
EG:
specific...?

Author: Fixed, I removed the redundant new line.

Reviewer: 👍

Flank execution.

## Configuration

> This event contains information about configuration executed in Flank. This event allows us

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event contains information about the configuration executed in Flank. This event allows us to
```

track information about devices and features used in Flank.
It could be useful to check what features are most important for the community.

Fields reflect configuration names.

## Bundle and package id [app_id]

> This event contains information about bundle id for ios and package id for android project. Additionally,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event contains information about the bundle id for ios and the package id for android project. Additionally,
```

> contains platform type (android, ios). This event allows implementing ```Who uses Flank``` report with additional breakdown by ```device type```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains platform type (android, ios). This event allows us to implement a ```Who uses Flank``` report with additional breakdown by ```device type```.
```

Fields:

- ```app_id```
- ```device_type```

## Total cost and cost per device type [devices_cost]

> By this event's we can implement the report ```How many millions per month in spend is Flank responsible for on Firebase Test Lab? ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these event's we can realize the report ```How many millions per month in spend is Flank responsible for on Firebase Test Lab? ```
```

Fields:

- ```virtual_cost```
- ```physical_cost```
- ```total_cost```

## Test duration [total_test_time]

> By this event's we can check how long tests took.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these event's we can check how long tests took.
```

Fields:

- ```test_duration```

## Flank Version [flank_version]

> By this event's we can check how frequently users upgrade the Flank version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By these event's we can check how frequently users upgrade the Flank version.
```
